              Term of Service (TOS)

================ 1. Introduction ================

These Terms of Service apply to all free and
open-source software (hereinafter referred to as
FOSS) published by the Akane Foundation (hereinafter
referred to as the "Organization"). By using the
software, you agree to the following terms and
conditions.

================ 2. License Compatibility =======

All of the Organization’s FOSS are published under 
various licenses, such as the GNU General Public
License provided by the Free Software Foundation.
While we ensure our TOS is compatible with the
upstream licenses, you must also comply with the
specific license terms included with the software
source code, in addition to this TOS.

================ 3. No Warranty =================

The software is provided "as-is," and the 
Organization makes no representations or warranties
regarding the software’s suitability, reliability,
or fitness for any particular purpose. You use the
software at your own risk.

================ 4. Limitation of Liability =====

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law,
the Organization shall not be liable for any direct,
indirect, incidental, special, or consequential
damages arising from the use or inability to use
the software.

================ 5. Contributions ===============

By contributing code or other content to the
software project, you agree to transfer all rights
to the Organization and grant us the right to use
such contributions under the terms of the defined
license.

================ 6. Change to Terms =============

The Organization reserves the right to modify these
Terms of Service at any time. Updated terms will
be posted on our website and will take effect
immediately. You should regularly review these
terms for any changes.

================ 7. Governing Law ===============

These terms are governed by the laws of the
jurisdiction where the Organization operates. Any
conflicting terms will be resolved in accordance
with local laws.

================ 8. Contact =====================

If you have any questions about these Terms of
Service or need further information, please contact
us via email at dev@akane.uk.

Akane Foundation

2024/8/18
